Story takes place in a prison

Characters:
	A. 2 Prisoners in a cell together.
	B. 3 Cops around prison
		A. One waits in front of the prison cell door.
		B. Another waits across the hall.
		C. Another waits near final exit.

Items:
	A. Prison Cell Bed 1
	B. Prison Cell Bed 2
	C. Prison Cell Poster, behind which a weapon lies
		A. Weapon may be there or not
		B. If weapon not there, outcome of story changed
	D. Prison Cell Toilet
		A. Behind Toilet is secret passageway dug by Prisoners

Story:
	1. Prisoners talk to each other about their sentences.
	2. They discuss that they are both on Death Row, and will be executed
	   soon.
	3. They both decide to escape
	4. They decide that they need a weapon to escape with
	5. Prisoner 1 goes to wall where poster is, rips poster off.
	6. Behind poster is a weapon
	7. Prisoner 1 grabs weapon
	8. Prisoner 1 goes back to prisoner 2 and tells him he has a weapon,
           and that they should proceed with their wonderful adventure
	9. Prisoner 2 agrees, goes to toilet and pushes it aside to show opening
	   in wall.
	10. Prisoner 2 crawls through secret passage, and Prisoner 1 follows.
	11. Prisoner 2 and Prisoner 1 walk up to prisoner guard 1 who notices
	    then and tells them to stop, while pointing his gun at them.
	12. Prisoner 1 shanks the dude. Prisoner 2 checks for card that grants 
	    door access.
		A. If he finds one, he claps or some shit. If not, he kills himself and continues.
	13. Prisoner 2 and 1 then decide to go down the next hall way, which
	    leads to a dead end. They talk to each other about the dead end,
            decide to go a different way.	
	14. Walk different way, encounter another cop. Prisoner 1, once again,
	    proceeds to shank the dude.
	15. Prisoner 2 checks guard for card for door access.
		A. Same procedure as 12. If he killed himself already, he kills himself again. Or proceeds to try to get it from another guard.
	16. They proceed and find another intersection (one hallway goes one way another goes another). They try going down one path but its a dead end, so they go the other way.
	17. They find a cop in the other way. CAn you guess what happens next.
	18. Cop gets shanked by Prisoner 1, prisoner 2 checks for card. Finds it maybe, then proceeds to exit. 
	19. They will always find a card. So they proceed to the exit door.
	20. They open the door with card access (prisoner raises hand, door registers hand movement and card in it and opens)
	21. They come out, celebrate, make out, etc.
